/ip fi add
add list=FB-Vide address=video-amt2-1.xx.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fbdo2-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk10-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk1-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk12-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk13-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk18-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk18-2.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk2-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk3-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk4-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk4-2.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk5-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk6-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk7-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk8-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk8-2.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk9-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fcgk9-2.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fdps3-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fjkt1-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fkno3-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fpku1-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fpku2-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fpku3-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fplm3-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fsub1-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fsub2-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fsub2-2.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fsub3-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fsub4-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fsub5-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fsub5-2.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fsub6-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fsub6-2.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fsub6-3.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fsub8-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fupg1-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.fupg2-1.fna.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video-hkg3-2.xx.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video-lax3-1.xx.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video-lga3-1.xx.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video-sin2-1.xx.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video-sin2-2.xx.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video-sin6-1.xx.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video-sin6-2.xx.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video-sit4-1.xx.fbcdn.net
add list=FB-Vide address=video.xx.fbcdn.net
